README.md, before:

# Bellum Alexandrinum

This is the official repository for data related to *Bellum
Alexandrinum*, edited by Cynthia Damon et al. and to be published by the [Digital Latin Library](https://digitallatin.org) with the imprimatur of the [Society for Classical Studies](https://classicalstudies.org/) and under the authority of the [University of Oklahoma](https://ou.edu/).

The files presented here are beta versions. They will be published at a later date after final peer review overseen by the SCS according to the process described at [http://digitalhumanities.org/dhq/vol/13/4/000438/000438.html](http://digitalhumanities.org/dhq/vol/13/4/000438/000438.html).

## Contents

-   **ldlt-balex.xml** contains the canonical data for the edition and *Studies on the Text of the Bellum Alexandrinum*.
-   **ldlt-balex-translation.xml** contains a translation of the Latin text.
-   **ldlt-balex.pdf** is a printable version of the edition. It is formatted to fit two pages to one sheet of A4 paper. It contains the introduction, text, critical apparatus, appendix critica, translation, and _Studies on the Text of the Bellum Alexandrinum_.
-   **ldlt-balex.latex** is a LaTeX file generated by the [DLL Stylesheets](https://github.com/DigitalLatin/DLL-Stylesheets). It is the source for ldlt-balex.pdf.
-   **TranscriptionsMUSTV**: a directory containing transcriptions of manuscripts MUSTV.

## Viewing

### Online

An interactive, browser-based version of the edition is available at <https://ldlt.digitallatin.org/editions/bellum_alexandrinum/>. 

### PDF

The PDF of the edition can be downloaded from [https://github.com/Library-of-Digital-Latin-Texts/balex/raw/main/ldlt-balex.pdf](https://github.com/Library-of-Digital-Latin-Texts/balex/raw/main/ldlt-balex.pdf).

---
This work is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

[![Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

Minor edits to the README file

README.md, after:

# Bellum Alexandrinum

This is the official repository for data related to *Bellum
Alexandrinum*, edited by Cynthia Damon et al. and to be published by the [Digital Latin Library](https://digitallatin.org) with the imprimatur of the [Society for Classical Studies](https://classicalstudies.org/) and under the authority of the [University of Oklahoma](https://ou.edu/).

The files presented here are beta versions. They will be published at a later date after final peer review overseen by the SCS according to the process described at [http://digitalhumanities.org/dhq/vol/13/4/000438/000438.html](http://digitalhumanities.org/dhq/vol/13/4/000438/000438.html).

## Contents

-   **ldlt-balex.xml** contains the canonical data for the edition and *Studies on the Text of the Bellum Alexandrinum*, encoded according to the [DLL Guidelines](https://digitallatin.github.io/guidelines/LDLT-Guidelines.html).
-   **ldlt-balex-translation.xml** contains a translation of the Latin text.
-   **ldlt-balex.pdf** is a printable version of the edition. It is formatted to fit two pages to one sheet of A4 paper. It contains the introduction, text, critical apparatus, appendix critica, translation, and _Studies on the Text of the Bellum Alexandrinum_.
-   **ldlt-balex.latex** is a LaTeX file generated by the [DLL Stylesheets](https://github.com/DigitalLatin/DLL-Stylesheets). It is the source for ldlt-balex.pdf.
-   **TranscriptionsMUSTV**: a directory containing transcriptions of manuscripts MUSTV.

## Viewing

### Online

An interactive, browser-based version of the edition is available at <https://ldlt.digitallatin.org/editions/bellum_alexandrinum/>. This visualization is the scholarly project of [Hugh Cayless](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-0060-9396).

### PDF

The PDF of the edition can be downloaded from [https://github.com/Library-of-Digital-Latin-Texts/balex/raw/main/ldlt-balex.pdf](https://github.com/Library-of-Digital-Latin-Texts/balex/raw/main/ldlt-balex.pdf). This visualization is the result of a transformation of the edition's XML file into LaTeX through the [DLL Stylesheets](https://github.com/DigitalLatin/DLL-Stylesheets), a scholarly project of [Hugh Cayless](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-0060-9396) and [Samuel J. Huskey](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-8192-9385).

---
This work is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

[![Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
